Sister is that trash, he hit me
Where did this card come from?
Sister, what are you doing?
This is the fake stamp that the trash took
If you change it again, there will be a God of War card.
There are jade dragon rings
Is this person in front of you?
Ten years ago, you had to scream, Lord Si Jingchen
This is a good price saving, it's really going to be ruined by me.
because
I told you before.
What do you call him?
Return to the city lord
His name is Si Jingchen
But what happened to your sister has nothing to do with him
It's all the fault of our provincial and municipal group, my sister.
Has the mayor of Yuzhou seen the world at night?
The world is my sister's life today
Please ignore the villains as adults.
Then he comes back by himself
Sister, what are you doing?
He's a junk who eats soft rice
Why are you being so polite to him?
Shut up, I'll calculate your business when I get home.
Sister, they bullied me
Let it go
You're still killing me in front of outsiders
You still have the face to say
Look what you have become now
Mr. Sun, please forgive my little sister's ignorance.
I would rather apologize to Yunwei
Not me.
Miss Shen, you were wronged just now
Ye Ping quickly apologize to Miss Shen
Said she apologized
Ye Ping
If you don't apologize, don't take it back to the Ye family